Saturday 5/9: leave, meet foundation layer from Florida, delayed in
ORD bathroom fixed, fly to Tokyo, but land in SEATAC because of
medical emergency, met Shing on flight, he's goint to TPE as well, so
we try to figure it out together and hang out for a while. EVA air
opens at 10, realize I need more paperwork get in end of line that
took 6 hours to clear, meet guy from marines, and an old player for
SRC. 

Sunday 5/10: sleep on plane

Monday 5/11: Andy picks up at TPE w/ Uncle, put stuff into day bag and
get on Train to Hualien??? with his aunt. Get there and raining, take
bus to bike area, still raining so get a taxi back to hotel, crazy
nice, right on the ocean front, amazing brunch thing. We walk down to 
visitor center and
just hang out until we take a bus into town. We walked around for
awhile trying out Mochi samples, we eventually sat down for some
noodles, we also got some Taiwan beer (very light), and some delicious 
snow ice. I know I went to bed at 7, I was super tired. 
The garbage trucks sound like ice cream trucks so people will 
bring out there trash.

Tuesday 5/12: Hsuia-Sheng arrives, 75th generation descendant of
Confuscius, disinherited for following beliefs about a sovereign
Taiwan. We eat a crazy breakfast, and then take a bus into town, we
try figuring out what to do, bus or car, can't really decide, then
eventually just get some bikes and go. We bike to Liyu Lake, it's 10
miles there and 10 miles back, some of the flattest biking I've ever
done and very beautiful country side. The lake was pretty cool, but
fairly small in my opinion to be seen as a cultural landmark. When
were heading back Hsuia-Sheng was tired so Andy's aunt and she got a
ride from a passing driver back to town, that allowed Andy and I to
bike back faster, and we had a pretty good time.

Wednesday 5/13: Tour bus to Taroko Gorge. I went to bed at 7, I was
super tired, Andy graciously grabbed me some dinner, I ate it and fell
right back asleep.

Thursday 5/14: Hike Old-Jhuilu Trail, go back to Hualien and then train to
Taipei and then Night market with Andy's Aunt and small celebration in
street. Then end up at Andy's Grandpa's place.

Friday 5/15: Film commercial for Aunt's cool invention that combines
wheelchair with bike. Night market with Hsuia-Sheng and walk to Taipei
101 and go to some book store thing. Watch a little TV because
home-sick slightly, ankle's very red.

Saturday 5/16: Bike around with family to lunch at NTU, get tour of
the campus, ride to an electronic sales outlet, Chang-Kai-Sek memorial
hall, learn how to play Chinese Chess, and a 5-player Euchre game. Get
some great spicy beef noodles (nyo-mien) and mango shaved ice.

Sunday 5/17: Get up early and go to Hsuia-Sheng's uncle's place in
Tainan (4 hour bus) with Andy, Hsuia-Sheng and Andy's cousin Tzu Ning. It was a
pleasant bus ride. Once we got to Hsuia-Sheng's uncle's place we were
fed well and then went to his massage parlor that had a couple of
empty floors above it which we ended up sleeping in, it was kind of
cool, they were basically mats in the middle of this abandonded floor
in a random building. After dropping our stuff off there we set out
around the city visiting an old Confuscius school and some fort that
the Dutch erected during their brief colonization of Taiwan. Some of
the buildings were quite exquisite, and a band actually started
playing outside one of them. I felt like we walked for quite a long
time before Hsuia-Sheng's uncle picked us back up. I was quite tired,
but we actually ended up singing Karaoke at her Uncle's place.
One of the best parts was when they were singing a song from the
Titanic and the background video was basically a soft-core porno. 

Monday 5/18: We woke up sweating, it was quite balmy in the upper
floors of the massage parlor. Once we had fully woken we were whisked
to a quick breakfast of boiled meat and rice, then dropped our bags
off at her uncle's place and started roaming the streets again. We
visited a cool Banyan tree house and another ancient fort. We had a
lot more great food, including oyster dishes and some sort of
soy-based desert. It felt like we just kept on eating, because when we
went back we played some more card games and then Hsuia-Sheng cooked
for us, it was quite delicious. We finally got on a train to
Kaohsiung, and arrived at a pretty nice hotel. Andy was pretty upset
about his dad being over inquisitive after I proposed going to Kenting
because Catherine was there. We also played a game called Gong Zhu. I
also learned "lee yua nguyen ediar", which means leave me alone. 

Tuesday 5/19: We arose in a lovely air conditioned room that felt like
a pleasant change from the previous night's warm excursion. After a
slow start we grabbed a quick continental breakfast in the upper floor
of the hotel and then we were off. We went to a pleasant art exhibit
that Catherine recommended, it was really interesting. A lot of the
exhibits were put together by the students and they seemed very
professional in their design and execution. There was even a section
with possible inventions, these seemed fairly innovative if a bit far
fetched. We then walked around for quite awhile, which got me used to
my full pack's load. We ended up eating at the Taiwanese McDonald's
called "Dan Dan Hanbao". It was far better than McDonald's. We then
walked around some more and ended up passing throug a long tunnel
through the mountain on the east side of the city. On the other side
we reached the university. It was very beautiful, reminding me of
coastal colleges in the states. We went to the beach and lounged
around for a while, before strolling back towards campus to meet
Andy's cousin, Yu Shuen. She was very quiet and proceeded to walk us
around the beautiful campus, before I knew it we were at the top of
the mountain, hiking up steep trails. Once we got to the top we walked
laterally for awhile and actualy came upon a family of monkeys that
seemed quite used to the human appearance while still being cautious
and retreating to the trees. On a similar note, there were a fair
amount of stray dogs lingering about campus, far more than in other
cities I have seen, perhaps due to the presence of the college
students? After our long, hot walk, we stopped in a quaint little
restaurant wher I once again partook of the glory that is "Nyro Mien" 
beef
noodle soup, oh man it was good! After that we walked back to the
train station and got on an express train back to Taipei for around
$40 USD, and it took ~2 hours in comparison to the 4 hour bus and 1
hour train ride which cost $8 and $3 respectively, all very reasonably
priced to traverse the entirety of this lovely island country.

Wednesday 5/20: Rain day 

Thursday 5/21:Bike ride to Tamsui & Andy's Mom's side dinner

Friday 5/22: Narrating Andy's Dad's side dinner

Saturday 5/23: Flights, and hostel stay

Sunday 5/24: Intentionally got lost, stopped in a library for WiFi, got
told off in Japanese ( no idea why),  ended up finding where I was
going, explored some museums, talked to a Korean journalist about
Hemingway and proofread a book he was writing when he was a journalist
in Afghanistan, and randomly ordered food at a sushi bar 

Monday 5/25: Akihabara!, 47 ronin, Yoyogi, Golden Gai

Tuesday 5/26: Imperial palace, Hamarikyu, Chun Shui bubble tea,
		Hakone, meet Karl and Dyon, hang out and program and chat.

Wednesday 5/27: 12 mile hike. Lots of road, then beautiful stone path.
Slippery steps and Hakone shrine. Ate up at hostel again with Karl.

Thursday 5/28: Rode bus down to lake, took pirate cruise, rowed & went
back to Tokyo. Very tired when got back. New capsule, less private,
	 many more people because in Shinjuku

Friday 5/29: Very relaxing day. Went to Shinjuku-Gyoen garden and
walked and read; realizing that this is my vacation and I don't have
to run around like a chicken with my head cut off. I just walked
around looking at flowers and reading Asano's book. It was pretty
good even though it was riddled with mistakes, but at points it was
very poignant and evocative. I also did a fair amount of planning for
my trip before getting some sort of dumpling soup thing for dinner.

Saturday 5/30: Getting to Korea, after getting acquainted with the
hostel and spending some time talking to the friendly staff and
figuring out what to do, I embarked towards City Hall. Once I arrived,
I noticed that there was some sort of festival going on, so I
meandered around watching and enjoying the spectacle. I passed by the
two main statues in the central area and walked into the big temple
after purchasing some roasted chestnuts to ease the pang of my hunger,
they weren't very good. I then ended up walking down to the stream and
went around until my hunger got me to find a busy street market. I got
some pretty great cup-chicken and mung bean pancake. I then sat and
watched the fish for a while. Since I had to get up pretty early for
my flight, I went to bed early.

Sunday 5/31: I decided to see a Korean baseball game since I had heard
about the enthusiasm of the crowds, I wasn't dissapointed. Once I got
to the arena in Jamsil, and went to a couple of the wrong booths, once
I eventually purchased an $8 ticket, for what I think was a general
admission area, I walked around looking at all of the different food
vendors and fans. There were a plethora of options and a variety of
people, I ended up grabbing a couple of spicy chicken kabobs with rice
cakes. They were exceedingly delicious. Watching the game was pretty
interesting, they were a lot of chants and people were able to bring
food from outside the venue, so it was almost like families were
having picnics while watching a baseball game. After the game, I
walked around the area and it was quite lively (especially after the
game). There were a lot of barbecue places. I then went back to
Hapjeong and went for a little walk. I ended up at Hongik university
after following a crowd of people after I turned a corner I was
enamored with the sight of throngs of people moving about from street
vendor to entertainer, enjoying the night. I walked around for awhile,
watching dance performances and listening to some wonderful singing 
voices (they are taught from an early age how to sing). I then grabbed
some Tektbotti and Kalbi Mondo (short rib beef dumplings) and had
dinner. I ended up meeting most of the people from the hostel, and we
got a couple of drinks, I my first bottle of Soju (which tasted like
watered-down vodka). We talked for awhile, the 3 irishmen, the
englishman, the Floridian, the Californian and I. We played King's cup
briefly and I retired after feeling the dubious effects of the Soju.

Monday 6/1: Hostel tour, lots of $$$ food, completely different
dynamic.

I was planning on visiting Bukansan after I checked out,
but my plans soon changed after talking with Fabian and Allison and
deciding to go on a walking tour of Seoul with them. They wanted to go
to City Hall and I was more than happy to oblige. We ended up getting
there (they had some issues with tickets, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING A
TCARD wherever you are going). After walking for only a short time,
we ran into Michael and Stuart from the hostel, an englishman
and Scot who were vacationing from their work in Australia. We decided
to walk together and I was appointed unofficial tour guide for some
reason? 

This experience really helped to highlight the differences
between solo and group travel. When I'm travelling alone I really like
to keep a low profile and try to blend in while being respectful of
the area that I'm in. My travelling companions, especially Mike and
Stu who were seasoned travellers (being to Peru, along with many other
locations) didn't seem to share my concern. They were really trying to
squeeze every last drop of enjoyment and hilarity out of our trip, and
it was intriguing to see this different approach to travel. We also
spent a great deal more on food than I usually do, but it was nice to
be able to share my experiences with other people, get out of my own
head and relish in their perspectives and stories. We also did a fair
bit of day drinking, which was definitely interesting. Stu and Mike
actually stole chopsticks from one of the places we went for barbecue.
But it definitely is nice to eat with people since you can try a wide
variety of dishes.

We walked up to the Seoul tower, the hike offered some stunning views 
of the city, which was much bigger than I had imagined. We also went
up for only 8,000 won. The sight wasn't much better from the mountain.
Stu and Mike kept drinking, and Stu told me some pretty interesting
stories. We ended up getting back to the hostel and relaxing for
awhile. Then we met up with a friend of Allison's from Korea and went
to get some Chi-Mec a great combination of beer and chicken. Koreans
certainly know how to fry their chicken, damn. We were accompanied by
one of the new hostel people, Maria. She was from Germany and had been
on break for 2.5 years, whoah. She told us about some of her escapades
with violent taxi drivers in Vietnam. I had to go meet dollar, so I
ducked out early and made my way over and slept on his floor after
talking with him and his roomate Casey for a little while.

Tuesday 6/2: I pretty much just relaxed and recuperated from my
eventful day the day before and worked on my blog.

Wednesday 6/3: I decided to hike around Mt. Bukansahn today. It took
about an hour to get there from the city. The hike was great. The
initial part was a very relaxed slope and paved. That took me to a
fork in the trail where I went to one of the lower peaks, which
started with a D. It offered quite a nice view. I hiked back down from
there and hiked up to the highest peak. It was an interesting hike, I
was on all fours for part of it because it was so steep. Once I made
it to the top my breath was taken away by the incredible view, it far
surpassed the view from the Seoul tower, which was actually visible
from the peak, and seemed very insignificant in the distance. I hung
out around there for awhile, and really enjoyed the wind and view.
When I came back down there were probably about 200 army trainees
ascending wearing heavy packs. We got an interesting cheesy rice and
meat dinner to eat, it was pretty great.

Thursday 6/4: Today I chose to just relax. I wandered about Yonsei
University and read the Hitchiker's guide to the galaxy. It was a
pretty relaxing day, but I did feel let down by my lack of
productivity, or is it activity? Later at night, we got some dinner
and ended up drinking and watching a movie, a pretty normal day I
suppose (if I wasn't on vacation).

Friday 6/5: Like most things, the momentum from the previous day
continued and I chose to wander around Ewha Women's University and eat
some street food. It was pretty enjoyable and I read the next book in
the hitchiker's saga. Later at night I actually got some planning
done, which felt quite rewarding. (We were going to go to Sokcho, but
ended up not doing that.)

Saturday 6/6: We decided to visit Yongmasan & Achasan Mts. today. They
are on the SE part of Seoul, and while not as big or foremiddable as
Bukansahn, they do offer some very spectacular views while practically
being within the city, and the climb isn't very hard at all. I went
from Yongmasan to Achasan and then descended. Casey and Dollar went
down after reaching the peak at Yongmasan. The rest of the hike was
very populated, and there were actually food and supply vendors along
the hike. Once getting off the trail there was a children's park with
a zoo and a cool musical fountain. We then walked around the college
restaurant area, and got a very spicy skillet ramen with chicken. We
came back and Dollar and Casey went to bed early.

Sunday 6/7: Incheon, Soju, & Nurebong.

Monday 6/8: I had a late start considering the previous night's
affairs. But, after having a rice, beef, and jalapeno sandwich, and
catching up on GOT. I set off for Gwanaksan, which is near New Seoul
University. I got there and set out on my hike, it took me to very
rocky terrain with breathtaking scenery. At one point, I ventured to
free climb a certain area, but thought better of my safety. After
reaching the bottom at dusk, I got some great street food from 2
kindly older women: mung-bean pancake and fish on a stick. It only
cost 4,000 won. Once I reached the Sinchon station I procured a waffle
for 1,500 won; the purveyor smeared it in a blueberry cream of some
sort, sprinkled peanuts, walnuts, honey and some sort of powder. The
result was superb, and right before I got home there was a very
glorious street performance being sung by no less than 20 people, it
was very invigorating.

Tuesday 6/9: I had to wait around to talk to the SFO guys about apt.
hunting; after that I got some ramen and did a little research. I
eventually made it out to Inwangsan Mtn. for a really spectacular view
and an off-beat trail. I'm kind of surprised that I was able to find
the trail, it seemed off the beaten path. 

Wednesday 6/10: Bike around Hangang

Thursday 6/11: Rest	

Friday 6/12: Tentacle

Saturday 6/13: I woke early in the morning and packed all of my
belongings back into my backpack. I did all of the standard stuff, so
that in a couple of hours I was exiting customs at Beijing Airport. I
then met Daniel's friend, Zach who had run to meet me. His level of
hospitality was overwhelming, and we were soon chatting like old
friends, if slightly stilted by a language barrier. He helped guide me
through the haranguing issues of the Beijing underground and we were
soon dropping my bag off at my hostel. We then went to a restaurant
that he had looked up, it was closed but we we dipped into a nearby
hole in the wall and had a plethora of great dumplings of shrimp and
pork along with tofu side dishes. At one point, shortly after telling 
tales of my acclompishments
with chopsticks, I proceeded to drop a dumpling right into my spicy
oil and splattered my clothes with oil much to my own embarassment,
the worst part was all of the help that Zach was offering. Shortly
thereafter, we navigated a maze of public transportation to reach the
unexpected splendor of the Summer Palace. It was really nice and we
ended up walking behind the big area to get a view. Afterwards, we
decided to gourge ourselves upon the delicacies of the chinese
cuisine. We had mushrooms, cold spicy oil chicken, spicy beef, a sort
of flan fish, red bean cubes, fried shrimp, and fried plum balls. It
was great. Zach, Monica, and I ended up parting ways. Their
hospitality is very strong, we basically fought to pour tea for each
other. I was talking to Zach about the problems that face trouble and
he identified one of the biggest issues as education, which I totally
agree with.

Sunday 6/14: Temple of Heaven, Peking duck, Tianan'men square,
	   Forbidden City
In the wee hours of the morning I woke to find that my nausea had
subsided from the previous night's vomitus regurgitus. I debated with
myself whether to tell Zach or not and decided to not, thinking that
he would either be overly apologetic or worried. So we took a couple
of buses until we arrived at the Temple of Heaven, a ceremonial
Chinese area where Emperors of yesteryear would conduct significant
rituals and the like. Zach sneakily purchased an audio guide that used
gps to provide "insightful" tourism points, I didn't quite think it
was worth it. The inside of the park that housed the temples was very
beautiful and some groups of women were doing some sort of dance and
singing perhaps. There was also an interesting beanbag game with a
feather that looked interesting. Afterwards, Zach and I went closer to
Tianan'men area and got some green tea ice cream and wandered around
the area until our table was ready at a peking duck area. We met two
more of Danyang's friends and went to the silk store that makes the 
Chinese flag. We then went to a very old and popular chinese medicine
store, which was quite interesting. The Peking duck was incredible and
we rolled it in very thin pieces of flour (I think) and dipped it in
duck sauce, sugar, and cucumbers. It was very delicious. There was
also plenty of other foods, including a very delicious grilled lamb,
and noodles. Tianan'men square was auspiciously large and surrounded
by security checkpoints to ensure that nothing was damaged in protests
to the government. The forbidden city was exceedingly large and
beautiful, we mostly wandered around outside, but were offered the
occasional glance into a temple or two. Apparently, the emperor had a
whole section of the palace devoted to concubines, who could basically
work their way into high ranking positions. We then walked through a
heavily populated area where we got Hugosi snacks that had a variety
of tastes. I tried cow lung, not too bad, but very chewy. We then
walked around some more and saw a very beautiful area with a large
pond.


Monday 6/15: Badaling great wall and Olympic stadium
I met Zach at the BeijingBei Station and there was a long line to get
tickets to get onto the train to Badaling. After waiting in line, Zach
talked to one of the security guards and grabbed me and Felicia, one
of Zach's close friends and we simply used our transit cards to get in
and sat on the floor of the train, which took about 1.5 hours to get
to Badaling. Once there, we embarked on the north portion of the wall.
What really struck me was the amount of people rather than the wall,
which stretched up and over the surrounding mountains. The amount of
people made it kind of difficult to get around, but once we got to the
peak, far less people continued until the terminal 12th fortress,
which involved some quite precipitous steps, but Felicia and I
continued on. We ended up back in Beijing and went to a restaurant
that had some really spicy jello sort of thing and a scheme where we
got a bunch of food on sticks and they basically put it in a pot of
oil and then gave that to us, which we hapilly ate. Some of the more
exotic things that I had included rabbit liver, cow lung, See you
tomorrow (a mushroom named for seeing it in poop?!), and heart of
?rabbit?. We then went to the olympic stadium, Zach got on the wrong
train because he was rushing and we ended up catching up with him at
the next station. One of the things that struck me was how up to date
they were with American celebrities, movies, and tv. We said some
painful goodbyes and parted ways. I think I may have left too soon.

Tuesday 6/16: Card lost, travel, sick, and plan
I woke up early to catch my bullet train to Shanghai, unfortunately
there was a little mix up in the morning. When I went to leave and
grab my card from the outlet on the wall, which required a card to
allow it to operate, the loud argentinians, declared that it was their
card. Not having time to argue with them, and not being able to find
their card or any possible place that "my" card could have gone I
proceeded to the front desk with the large argentinian in tow. I ended
up just leaving my security deposit of 100 yen, which was more than an
extra night's stay. I was not a happy camper. I left them my email
address in case they found the card, but I recommend that if you ever
stay in a dorm either don't use your card in this situation, use a
different card, or label your card in some distinctive manner.

After that sour start I proceeded to the train station, I was not 
feeling that well and had a slight head cold that morning. During the
train ride, I slept a fair amount and took in the beautiful
countryside. When we finally arrived in Shanghai, I took a quick
subway to my hostel. When I stepped out of the underground, it was
raining. I wandered around, trying to find my hostel, and eventually
came across it and checked in. By that time, my head cold had turned
into an all out sneeze fest. I ended up doing a lot of planning that
day and not much else.

Wednesday 6/17: Sick, walk around city, meet Brennan
I awoke not feeling much better, and did some more planning. 
I got some delicious dumplings with vinegar and actually ordered a
second helping, they were just that good, and I suppose I was that
hungry.
While I was planning an asian guy approached me and noted that I was
sneezing and had a bit of a cold. He then proceeded to ask me
questions by typing chinese into a translation app and showing me the
questions. At one point he asked if I had a girlfriend, when I replied
no, he quickly asked if I had a boyfriend. I laughed and said no, but
I was getting a vibe from him that made me feel uneasy. I went back to
planning whilst sneezing.

After a while I was feeling slightly better and decided to walk around the
city and see the bund that I had heard so much about. (At this point I
had tried to contact my friend Simon, who was in Shanghai at the time,
but he never responded). The bund was fairly impressive, with a decent
view of the buildings across the river. I walked from the tip to the
tail of the bund and then walked around the city, tasting various
exotic flavors of chips, like lamb chutney or italian meat. All the
while it was raining, and not exactly helping to stop the cold that
was growing within me. I eventually returned to the hostel and when I
walked in I met a personable young man named Brennan who had been
teaching in Vietnam, India, and Nepal. We walked and talked for a
while, grabbing some food along the way. One particularly delicious
morsel was a type of candied bacon. Brennan thought my future plans
were really cool and he helped to boost my ego.

Thursday 6/18: 9 Hr train, miraculously find hotel, nice creature
comforts, walk around
I got up and made my way to the train station. I had planned to visit
Zhangzhou so that I could see the Fujian Tulou's, unfortunately I
underestimated the time it would take to get there from the train
station, and apparently the buses stopped before I would get to
Zhangzhou. So, I found a hotel to spend the night in Zhangzhou. During
the train ride, I did a fair bit of reading mixed with a heavy amount
of sleeping. Once I reached Zhangzhou, I stepped out of the train and
into a wave of heat. I the followed the crowd to the bus stop, I had
been considering taking a taxi, but I figured, "Hey, what the hell?"
Unfortunately all of the buses signs had no english characters, so
after grabbing an information staff member, I pointed out where I was
going and he told me which bus to take. Once I got there I tried
figuring out which direction of bus to take, I ended up just taking
the one with the most people getting on. Whilst on the bus, I was
continually crossrefrencing my gps position on an offline map with a
picture of where the hotel was on another map. Once I got close
enough, I hopped off the bus and started to walk. I quickly became
drenched in sweat, and after taking a couple of strategic turns I was
ecstatic to have found my hotel. 

I then decided to find something to eat, so I headed out and was
quickly confronted with an interesting sight. On the street next to my
hotel was a street market selling clothes and such, that stretched for
an incredibly long way. I decided to walk down it, and while I was
walking I purchased some ice cream for 2 yen and continued walking,
feeling on top of the world. I eventually settled on eating in a
chinese fast food chain, and was rewarded with two delicious and warm
fried chicken sandwhiches and a surprise coke, which I thought was
going to be iced tea. I then headed back to my room.  It was nice to be 
able to have a room all to myself again. I took a long, cold shower, 
and washed my clothes with vigour, however they still had a slight smell 
of sweat permeating through them.

Friday 6/19: In the morning, I walked around looking for something to
eat before my train left. I ended up finding a good looking bakery,
and bought a couple of things, including a delicious pineapple covered
tart. I got some water and other snacks from a grocery store, and
while I was waiting for the bus to take me back to the train station,
an inquisitive lady next to me struck up a conversation in Mandarin. I
was able to pick up a couple of words here and there, and responded
that I was from America. Then she really started talking, and I had to
tell her repeatedly that I didn't understand what she was saying, but
she persisted in trying to talk to me for another 2 minutes or so,
then a guy on a moped pulled up and said a few words to the both of us 
and drove off again.

Once I got back to the train station, we were checking in, when all
of a sudden a man who was in a slow moving line decided he wanted to
be in my line, he tried shouldering the person next to him out of the
way and when the man in my line stood his ground the impatient man's
face assumed a demeanour of great fury, and then was verbally
assaulted by the man who stood his ground. The funny thing is that the
impatient man checked in like 30 seconds later and had never acted
like he was at fault. When I was on the train some other nuances
struck me, an old man was sleeping and had one of the loudest snores I
think I've ever heard, and people were watching tv or playing music
on their phones at full volume, like they had never heard of
headphones. I eventually got to Shenzhen and made my way to the Futian
checkpoint. Once there I had to pass through the Chinese and Hong Kong
immigration centers, and with the crowds that I experienced it took
about 2 hours. I then purchased an octopus card, with some Hong Kong
money that I got from a nearby atm and made my way to my hostel. 

I eventually found it in an elevator shaft tucked away inside of a
shopping area of sorts filled with indian food and sim card salesmen.
I then waited for a while to take this one elevator that serviced all
of the even numbers in the building up to the 6th floor, where it
sayed that this "Germany hostel" was located, once there I found that
I had to go to the 10th floor where reception was. I got up there and
checked in and took the stairs back down to 6, and was handed a
general key to get into the sleeping quarters, the room where I was
staying was clean and refreshingly cool, so I was happy, but there was
only one bathroom for all 6 people as well as the possibly 10 other
indian men that lived there and I assumed worked in the shops
downstairs. A lot of other "hostels" filled the top floors of this
strange market, and it seemed like a pretty shady deal; the shadiness
of which merely increasing when I was walking around the market later
and some guy nodded to his friend saying, "Here's a customer." Then,
addressing me said, "Hey man, want some pot?" After I negatively
replied and continued on my he said, "how about some coke?" I just
kept on walking. The same sort of thing happened atleast once more
while I was walking around that area.

I eventually got a hold of Allison and we decided to meet outside of
the central train station. I met her and her two friends Paige and
Tom, who were both also teachers. We grabbed a couple of more beers
from one of the many 7/11's that littered the streets near the copious
numbers of bars and clubs, while we waited for two more of Allison's
friends to show up. When they eventually did I said hello to ?Maddison?
and Anthony. Anthony was born in Hong Kong and tried taking us to a
couple of places he knew of, but they ended up being full. We then
went in between a couple of clubs and bars and eventually settled into
a bar called Deja Vu, after Paige detatched from the group to talk
with some English fellas she met at another bar. At Deja Vu, we ended
up dancing and soon many others joined the fold, and two particular
girls were dancing with Tom and I and one was giving me a lot of
attention, which I liked, but wasn't quite sure how to handle, so I
maintained my distance and she eventually lost interest, thus abating
my social awkwardness. We concluded the night by grabbing some pizza
that Allison had raved about, but I thought was pretty bad, to be
honest.

Saturday 6/20: Dragon Boat racing
I woke up kind of late, seeing that Allison had already gotten
breakfast with Paige and I proceeded to meet them near their hostel to
celebrate the dragon boat festival. We made our way to Stanley Plaza,
where dragon boat racing would take place. When we eventually got
there, through the crowded bus and even more crowded streets, the
whole are was crowded. We walked for a little bit, seeing many
interesting restaurants and venues, but no racing. Then we spotted
some young people walking by wearing athletic clothes, and proceeded
to follow them to this mass of people pouring into this tiny beach
watching 12 dragon boats race at once. It was a pretty interesting
sight. There were many vendors and fans alike. After watching for a
while, we grew hungry and purchased some food and walked around some
more. We then made our way to repulse bay to relax at the beach.
Eventually we returned to the city with plans of getting dinner later,
I waited but alas they had fallen asleep so I just walked around my 
area and ended up eating a fair amount of indian food from the vendors
below my hostel. 

Sunday 6/21: Victoria Peak
I the morning I waited for Allison to get a hold of me, and messaged
her a couple of times myself. I didn't hear from her at all, I assumed
they had either slept late or were just blowing me off. So, after
waiting until about 1 o'clock I just went out to explore hong kong for
myself. I ended up hiking up to the top of victoria peak, which was
actually more of a walk up some pavement. But, it did offer some
impressive views of the city. Unfortunately, about half-way up it
started pouring and I mean POURING; I got soaked. So did most of the
stuff in my bag. I eventually got to the top and walked around the
outside of the peak. I met a married couple, Scarlotte and Andrew on
my way around and we struck up a long conversation. Apparently, they
had married this past October and Andrew was working in Shanghai. When
I asked them if they were going to stay there, it seemed as if I hit
upon a tension between them, it seemed as if she wanted to return home
because people were being born, and others were being undone. We
eventually parted ways and I continued walking around, trying to find
the true peak, which would offer the best view, but it seemed to be
guarded by fence erected by the radio commision which had several
towers decorating the various peaks. I took a tram back down and made
my way back, drying myself off and warming myself up. I then grabbed
some food from one of the many vendors below me and proceeded to
promptly fall asleep.

Monday 6/22: I awoke at a normal time proceeded to finish planning, I
then packed and made my way to Lantau island. It was really easy to
get there by MTR, and once I got there I dropped my big bag off in the
basement parking lot of the shopping outlet, there was a small set of
lockers that I was able to use. I then wandered around for a little
while trying to find the 3M bus to the Pak Gan Au drop off point. I
eventually found it and ended up at the drop off point. The trail was
marked very well and I started walking. It was very clear and
beautiful to begin with, but I eventually made my way into the clouds
and then things became shrouded with the mystery of the clouds. It was
quite a unique experience, unfortunately when I reached the top of the
938 M peak, I couldn't see anything but clouds. Then it started
raining; fortunately I was prepared this time and had placed the stuff
I needed dry in a ZipLoc bag inside of a larger garbage bag that
coated the rest of my bag. I loitered at the peak, waiting for clouds
to pass, which they never did, and kept walking. The mystery of the
clouds further emphasized the sharp cliffs that fell away to my left
and right. During my trek, I saw a rather large gecko, other than that
it was a rather uneventful hike, until I met Thomas and ?Peter?, who
were in Hong Kong for a conference on informatics. They were both
studying informatics. We talked for awhile and actually saw the big
buddha from a distance. We parted ways at the wisdom path; they
pressed on and I hung around to look at the large wooden planks with
writing that I couldn't make sense of. I then kept going until I came
across the big buddha. It was rather impressive to look at, and simply
be in its presence. Once I was done I decided to take the tram back
down, which was rather expensive. I met some girls that had just
graduated from Columbia and were travelling around SE asia, it was
definitely an interesting experience to talk with them. The differing
and shared experiences that we had were really highlighted. I then
headed back to Shenzhen, all the while squelching in my shoes. When I
finally found my hotel, I discovered much to my chagrin that my
booking hadn't been confirmed and I had nowhere to sleep. I meandered
around for awhile until I found a swanky looking hotel nearby and
tried checking in, I thought I made myself fairly clear, but the
receptionist decided he needed back up and called a translator service
to mediate our transaction. He managed getting me a slight discount,
which I was all for. After settling in, but before I cleaned myself
up, I went out to get some food. I ended up seeing a man with a large
stir-fry pan and a propane torch frying up some rice and noodles. He
had a fair amount of characters happily eating his food, so I decided
to partake and pointed at the most expensive thing on the menu, a 12
yen thing. He then asked about what I wanted in it and I responded,
and within minutes I was having a delicious meal of noodles. I was
paying for it, and I figured out that I had actually ordered something
else on the menu. Feeling elated from my purchase, I decided to buy
some fruit. Bad call, I ended up paying 36 yen for some lychee
berries, but they weren't that good, and I think they have a little
mold on them.

Tuesday 6/23: Train to Guilin, Guilin
I got to my train with plenty of time and the ride was pretty
uneventful, except for some train squatters taking up extra leg room.
(A squatter is a person who is on a train without a designated seat).
I eventually got off the train and went to the bus stop and got shoved
into it and proceeded to sweat ridiculously until I was within a
kilometer of the hostel. I ended up finding it after buying some ice
cream to combat the heat. The staff was super helpful and helped me
plan the next couple of days. After relaxing for a little bit, I
walked around, first getting some noodle soup at a nearby stand, it
had two ingredients the composition of which I am still curious of. I
then walked all around Guilin and came to where I thought I could
climb up the peak. A man called out to me, that I should buy tickets
there. Unconvinced, I went to the entrance and uttered a couple of
words of mandarin to make my intentions known. They were kind enough
to point to the mountain that I should go to. On my way out, the
hawkers tried getting me to buy the tickets again. I'm not really sure
why they were allowed to set up so close to the actual ticket stand.

I eventually found my way to the foothills of the other peak, and
began my ascent. From the get go, there were many rocky outcroppings
and steep jaunts, but it was fairly straightforward and I finally
reached the top after doing a little bit of climbing. The view was
breathtaking. Amidst an outpouring of city buildings there arose
columns of rock flecked with foliage. It was really a sight to behold,
the slight breeze on my back definitely aided to my joy since I had
completely sweated through my clothes to get to the top on the warm
day. I eventually made my way down after saying goodbye to the lovely
peak. Once I eventually reached the bottom, who would be there but the
kind receptionist that I had met earlier and 4 other hostel-goers. So,
I went up the mountain again; this time escalating it much quicker
with much more confident feet, and possibly an extra flourish to
impress the newcomers. At the top I met some of the people, one was
actually from U of M. In the distance we saw some clouds coming, but
didn't think much of it. Needless to say, we got soaked coming down
the exorbitantly wet and rocky path. They chose to take a taxi, and I
went on my own for a walk along the river and through the town back to
the hostel. It was a pretty beautiful walk and I saw a pretty cool
little park that reminded me of the one in Beijing that I went to with
Zach. I got back to the hostel and just ate there, they actually had
some pretty good and hearty kungpao chicken, even if it was pretty
expensive at $5 USD.

Wednesday 6/24: Bamboo raft, bike, light show, bus back to Guilin

I woke promptly at 7am to get on my way for the 220 RMB guided bamboo
raft tour of the beautiful Li river. It was an interesting trek. I
headed there with several other people from the hostel after we
boarded the bus. We then met up with a larger bus and loaded into
that. During the ride, we basically were advertised an additional tour
that we could buy at a special price.
We eventually got to this small tourist trap and boarded our
bamboo raft that made economical use of a propeller attached by a long
rod to what looked like a lawnmower motor. I was paired with a family
of two middle-aged Chinese and their daughter. They were excessively
kind and considerate and helped translate some of the driver's short
declarations. There were several stops along the way to take pictures
to pay for or buy souvenirs, argh. One of the cooler ones was the site
where the painting on the back of the 20 RMB note is located. After a
long boat trip down one of the most beautiful rivers I've had the
pleasure to travel down, we stopped off in a little tourist trap of a
town and were cleverly given some time to wander around. I wandered
for a little bit and actually saw this really shady tented area, where
all of the locals were eating. Some were huddled around a fire eating
some stuff, so I asked how much and paid 2 RMB for one of the best
fried pieces of dough with sugar on it that I've ever had, it was
spectacular! We ended up back in Yangshou and I, along with the others
from the hostel. We wandered around and found the other Wada hostel.
We talked about what to do, they decided to go get lunch; I was
anxious to go biking, so I did that. 

The ride was very beautiful, but
it took me quite a while to find the path I wanted, so after
accidentally wandering into a couple of small towns I went up a closer
route and meandered about the Li river. It was very beautiful, and
there continued to be other bamboo raft put-ins along the way. I got
back after 4 hours of biking, and set out to find some refreshments. I
walked along the notorious west street and found a couple of
interesting stands with some delicious food, the most interesting of
which was a sort of chinese hamburger that was extra spicy since I
asked for it by vigorously nodding my head when the guy showed me the
peppers. I then saw a fake cormorant fishermen near the river. I then
got ready to go to the light show that was produced by the same guy
that produced the Beijing olympic opening ceremonies. It was pretty
amazing with the backdrop of the mountains and the number of people
that were involved in the production. I believe it was almost 600. Oh
yeah, when we got there the guide gave me a ticket apart from the rest
of the group so when I got in the door I told the attendant that my
friends were there and I was here, so she moved them all to the better
location and we were able to sit together. They seemed pretty
impressed that I had pulled that off, little did they know I wasn't
really sure what was going on, tehee! During the lightshow the singing
and stuff was supposed to parallel a similar movie. I learned this
from a guy named Frank on the busride back, Frank being his english
name of course. It was a very pleasant conversation even thought we
both struggled to cross the language barrier. Unfortunately the others
were supposed to get on my bus, but they thought they were supposed to
be getting on another one. Our bus actually pulled over for a little
bit waiting for them to catch up by taxi, but they took too long so
they just took the taxi all the way back. Needless to say, after such
a long night I had a good long sleep. (My roomates were English and
had been travelling for about a year apiece and had been all over 
south asia).

Thursday 6/25: Blog setup, travelling, overnight train

I had a train later in the day, and I felt like I had done all of what
I had set out to do here, so I took a relaxing day and had a really
nice, big english breakfast at the hostel and worked on setting up my
blog and worked on some more of my plans. I eventually left the hostel
and grabbed some food for the overnight train to Liuzhou and then
Zhangjiajie. I met Johannes, from the hostel, and talked for a while
in Liuzhou. He had an earlier train and caught it while I waited for
mine to show up. I boarded it and after a little while waiting for
everyone to relax, I fell soundly asleep while reading. The overnight
train worked very well since I woke up in Zhangjiajie with plenty of
sleep.

Friday 6/26: Figuring out Zhangjiajie, Patricia & Nacho and Hiking

It took awhile to find the right bus to get to, but after talking to a
couple of people I ended up wandering into the bus station and loaded
up into a minibus for 12 RMB to Wulingyuan. Once there I waited for
the 2 bus to the hostel, but it didn't come so I just grabbed a taxi
there. The hostel wasn't as nice as I had been led to believe, the
man that answered didn't speak much english and as soon as I walked
in there was a distinct muskiness and humidity inside the atrium. My
room was actually hotter than the rest of the hostel and was fairly
bare. There was a helpful write up of places to visit, so I took note
and made my way to the 4 stream cross area after buying my ticket at
student price. There weren't that many people at the gate since it was
later in the day, but once I got in the park there were a lot. While I
was walking a long, some people actually requested to take a picture
with me, I thought it was hilarious.

The
path that I walked around was fairly flat and I ended up running into
2 people from the hostel, Nacho and Patricia from Spain. After we met
up and talked while eating a slight snack, we decided to walk together
and thus set out on the trail toward the ???Yellow river cablecar??? A
bus ride later, we had arrived. After some walking around at the
elevated area, we were beholden to some breathtaking scenery, albeit
crowded with tourists. There was also an impressive turnout of
monkeys, at one point there were probably about 15, with younglings
grasping onto the underbellies of their mothers. One of the other
distinctive and unpleasant facets of Zhangjiajie was that all of the
paths were laid with a pedestrian stone layer, that didn't lend itself
well to the natural auspicious aura of the locale. To leave, we hopped
in a mini-bus and waited for it to fill up so we could get back to
Wulingyuan (they don't leave until they're full).

Once we got back, Victor was there and offered helpful insight into
what to do the next day and offered a refreshing breath of english
from the management. We also met a Texan named ??Jeremy?? and sought
dinner with his company. We ended up settling on a hole in the wall
sort of place and ordered a couple of things. I insisted on a certain
dish that looked like chicken, but most certainly wasn't. It was pig
intestine, I liked it, but the others strategically avoided it. I was
again struck by the negative attitude towards China as a travel
destination by Jeremy, conveying his disgust with the often rude
behaviour by large numbers of people in packed areas and overall
cultural behaviour. I admit that this thought may have leaked into my
mentality over the next couple of days.

Saturday 6/27: Zhangjiajie Tianbo Mansion 

Nacho & Patricia had a train later in the day, so we started the day
rather early, leaving the hostel around 6:45 and getting to the park
promptly at 7:20. While we were leaving Patricia pointed out a drawing
on the wall, of which there were many by previous hostel patrons. This
particular drawing was of Michigan, and upon closer inspection it bore
the names Paige and Allison. Wow, what a small world! I later
confirmed that this was in fact them. After that freak coincedence, we 
then devotedly set out according to Victor's advice. We retraced our
steps back to the beginning of the 4 cross stream area and walked down
it for a ways, until we noticed an uphill fork, which we took. This
led to an energetic climb up the mountain, during which we had
pleasant conversations about Spain, America, China, and Travel. It was
interesting to note that this trail was mostly deserted, partly
because of the earliness of the hour and the difficulty of the route,
which few tourist groups would ever deign to set foot on.
The
hard work that we put in made the stunning views that we received at
the top all the more worth it. Unfortunately, as we reached more well
known areas the amount of tourists increased accordingly. One
interesting piece of geology was a rock bridge that had to be atleast
100m tall and connected a karst stone to the mountain, needless to say
there was a host of people at the site. From the natural rock bridge
we made our way to the ??Wulu?? Village, which we had to pass through
to reach the Tianbo Mansion, which had apparently played host to some
Chinese criminals in the past. Seemingly paralleling Jesse James and
his caves in ??Missouri?? The path to the mansion (which was just a
very nice view) was interesting to say the least. We passed through a
village and then, along with a swarm of other people squeezed into a
passage that at times was narrower than the width of most people's
shoulders and forced us to shuffle sideways. This was quite irksome,
especially when people slowed the line to take pictures or were simply
slow and left you with nothing but a mass of people behind and infront
while you were caged by rocks on the sides. At one point, I walked to
a not often trod area and was disgusted to see a heap of trash dumped
unceremoniously in this beautiful landscape. The general apathy
towards littering is probably one of the more bewildering aspects that
I found in the general populace.
When we got close to the
mansion, there were ladders and cages of rebar to reach the farther
outcropping, some of which you had to go down while others were coming
up. The view was very incredible, but the amount of people and
poorness of planning soured the overall experience. On the way back we
took a shortcut which the local sedan carriers used. We then caught a
bus to the Tianzhi mountain and while walking, I saw Johannes, whom I
had met in Guilin sitting in a McDonald's at the top of the mountain;
talk about random. We said a quick hello and Nacho, Patricia, and I
countinued on our way. We made it down quickly enough, and I bid Nacho
and Patricia a farewell after plumbing the last for information on
Barcelona, which was her hometown. I spent the rest of the day
planning and relaxing. I went to dinner at a place ??Jeremy?? had
reccomended and had an interesting time of it as the waitress tried
assisting me with ordering without me even asking. A kind girl that
spoke english actually walked over and helped me order. I was struck
by the kindness of strangers, and later by the deliciousness of the
spicy beef and salty / spicy cabbage. My meal took a while to get, and
I could tell that something had happened simply by the body language
of the waitress.

Sunday 6/28: Zhangjiajie alone
I had been unable to procure help from Victor for the plan of the next
day since I hadn't asked him during his brief window of availability.
I again referenced the helpful wall guide and set out for a trail that
seemed interesting. Much to my chagrin, the first entry point that I
tried accessing wasn't available and I took the Bailong elevator up.
It lacked any significance, since that morning was exceedingly foggy
as compared with the previous two days.
Then after a couple of buses, I was at another possible put in, after
walking around for about half an hour I started along a dirt road,
which led me to a small village, in which, I used my limited Chinese
to ascertain if I was headed in the right direction, after leaving I
was slightly more certain than before, although altogether fairly
dubious as to the correctness of my path. However, I stubbornly kept
walking, contemplating turning around on atleast 3 separate occasions.
I saw several small hovels along the road and a couple of curious vans
of people driving by, but other than those small hints of civilization
I only had the heat, the road, and the mountain for company. After a
while I came upon a small hut selling food like the other tourist
areas on the mountain, and after getting some much needed refreshments
and conversing again with my minimal Mandarin, I ascertained that I
hadn't been walking fruitlessly and merrily continued. Soon, I was
assaulted by the most beautiful sight in Zhangjiajie; karst pillars
rose in multitudes and in the backdrop was the Bailong elevator,
stubbornly clinging to the sandstone of the mountain. I was met with
much chagrin, by a man from Holland that was here with a Chinese
colleague from AGG. They were surprised that I got here, since this
was mostly only known to locals, I was pleased to note that I had won
some respect by simply luckily going the right direction. I felt that,
mysteriously, that had happened rather often on this trip. I also met
a kind Chinese man that talked to me, gave me some tea, and tried
identifying my state by NBA team, which I must say is an effective way to
declare your state citizenship to a person from China, since it is so
devotedly watched in the People's Republic. The best part about this
area, was it's uninterrupted quietness and lack of tourists and I felt
like I had earned it with my sweatsoaked clothes and determined
walking. After breathing the scenery in a little more, I tried making
my way down, which was assumedly possible by the map. However, as I
had learned over the past couple of days, the map sucked, and after
treading through some people's backyards and rice paddies and scaring
a couple of chickens, I decided to simply retrace my steps back to the
main path. On the way back to the hostel, I met a man from London
named Hali. He was an interesting man, but after talking for a short
while I realized that I didn't quite enjoy talking with him and
decided to lose him, and I have to say that I think I did it rather
effectively. He did mention a machine that I didn't know about called
an auto-gyro, which I hope to look into later.

Monday 6/29: Travelling to Yichang, Train, Yichang

I woke up early for my train to Yichang, and made my way back to the
Wulingyuan station. I hadn't had a substantial breakfast for a while,
so I begrudgingly had a McDonald's breakfast of a sausage egg
McMuffin. Oh man, it was much more satisfying than I had dared to
suppose, I was wholely surprised by the almost nostalgic and wholesome
taste that I got from it. Anyways, I digress I got on the train which
was a sleeper, like the one I got here on, even though it was 5 hours. 
I proceeded to have a great time. I was buried in the Roosevelt
biography that I had been reading when an older man started up a
conversation with me. It was great, he spoke about as much english as
I spoke Chinese so we had a grand old time conversing back and forth.
Apparently he was a 78 year old mechanical engineer that had a son and
grand-daughter and lived in a city that started with W and was not
Yichang??. We had a great time and the general atmosphere of the train
cart was quite jovial with two boys of about 7 making a jungle gym of
the ladders and triple bunks. The old man called them 'little monkeys'.
He gave me some fruit that was like thin bark or thick paper on the
outside, but within was like a raisin wrapped around a cherry pit.
They were quite delicious. When we arrived, we said our goodbyes and
he had someone point me in the right direction of the bus, much to my
thanks. When I got on the bus I asked the bus driver if he was going
where I wanted to go, he answered affirmatively and we took off, after
continually checking street signs for the cryptic markings that
designated my stop, the bus driver helpfully called out that I should
get off. After looking around, I was quite certain that he had
misunderstood what I said, because that was not my stop. I got on
another bus and made it to my stop.

I went to where the directions told me, but saw no sign of a hostel
anywhere, I walked around for probably half an hour and eventually
caved in and called the hostel (YiYi [Sanmao] Yichang hostel) we had a
slight misunderstanding the first time and I called the second time
she came out to meet me. I graciously apologized and we then went to a
portion I had been twice, but had seen no signs and went into an
elevator to the 11th floor, where atlast I saw a sign for the hostel,
lolz. The hostel was a noticeable improvement from my previous
accomadations along with the noticeably cooler weather. Then after,
some research and talking with the staff about visiting the Dam, which
ended up being much trickier than I anticipated, I set out to procure
some food and see the city. I was noticeably lucky for almost as soon
as I started walking around I saw a most festive site. There were
multitudes of people doing Karaoke or dancing in a group, or
romantically dancing Samba??. It was very touching and inspiring,
there were a plethora of people walking along the river and generally
enjoying the night. This scenery and general joy marked itselfed
indellibly upon my experience on this trip. Later, I got some noodles
by pointing to something someone else had gotten and was rewarded with
a really delicious bowl and a charge of only 6 RMB, that's $1 for
dinner! That night, I was doing some reading and the hostess said that
some people wanted to play cards with me, so I said sure. I was not
dissapointed, it turned out that there were some college students
there (I think living) and they were all having a merry time and we
played some card games while maintaining a noticeable language barrier
and enjoyed each other's company with me possibly getting some of the
limelight as the exotic foreigner. They introduced me to several snack
foods that I hadn't tried before, and after slight caution on my part
at first, they turned out quite delicious.

Tuesday 6/30: Dam, people, train to Chengdu

(4 or 10 --> Ye Ming Zhu, 8 --> 3 Gorges Dam, Tourist bus)

I woke up early to get to the Dam. I got to Ye Ming Zhu, but after
waiting for bus 8 a motorcyclist noticed I seemed lost and pointed me
in the right direction, nice guy! I then got on the bus and embarked
to the dam. During the ride I told the older lady next to me where I
was going, and then after a while she started saying something to me,
then exasperatedly yelling at me in Chinese without using any sort
of hand-signs. I was totally lost, a little later the driver stopped
and said to get off, I was at the tourist center.

Employees were still meandering in, and after a little while I headed
over to the ticket booth and got my student-discounted ticket, oh
yeah! The ticket pretty much took us to a viewing platform, that
frankly was awful, it gave a very terrible view of the dam which was
mostly obstructed on the front side (the high side), unless I simply
missed the proper viewing point. The back was nicely viewable, but
wholely unsatisfactory. There was a nice view of the lock, but as a
sight to see it was wholely dissapointing. On top of that, it started
raining, so protecting my belongings and my body from the rain as best
I could I continued, and eventually left. While waiting for another 8
bus to come, a man in a car pulled over with his car and I think was
trying to point me in a direction or give me a ride. I was dubious of
his motives and walked in the direction he was pointing and doubled
back when his car was gone. Afterwards, I met a soldier met Gaio-Xiung
that was wholely interesting. He was an actor and was hoping to get
his masters in drama. We talked at length on the bus ride back to Ye
Ming Zhu, and he lavished praise on my travel, saying that he thought
I was very brave. I disagreed, but he coninued. I told him that his
English was much better than my Chinese, and he could definitely
traverse America without a problem. He wilted. We ended up discussing
how american culture promotes a strong sense of independent freedom
while Chinese culture has an inherent reliance and support of others,
so that people generally travel in droves.

I got back to central Yichang, and almost immediately started talking
to a man that approached me, we talked for awhile, but after he said
that I should walk with him and that he didn't want our conversation
to end, I again became dubious and made some excuses to part his
presence. I got some great noodles at a little store and made my way
to the train station. The train this time seemed extremely crowded and
loud with fierce wails of children's screams and blaring of speakers.

Wednesday 7/1: Half of Chengdu in a day

I woke later than usual, catching up on sleep that I had sorely missed
the past couple of days. I then got some great french toast at the
hostel, and it really helped fuel me up for the rest of the day. After
making some preparations for my trip to europe and booking an opera
show tonight and a ride to the panda exhibit tomorrow I made my way
around Chengdu. Within 5 minutes I was at the Wenshu Temple /
Monastery, and walked around there for a little while. It was one of
the better temples that I've seen, very well kept together, with a
nice little garden in it as well. At one point, some gradeschoolers
that were on a schooltrip there all simultaneously screamed "HELLO!"
to me, and I responded with a resounding "Ni hao". After admiring some
of the beautiful art and architecture, I left and walked towards
Tianfu square. The center of the square is centered around a large
statue of Mao which stands proudly infront of the museum of science
and technology. In front of the statue lies a large square with
spiraling statues. For some reason, there were a large number of
police patrolling the square; later, I was talking to some other
hostel-goers and they said they thought it was because today may have
been the start of the communist party or that some important figure
came here. After I perused the square, I walked to the people's park,
a very pleasant area rife with beautiful foliage, art, and
architecture. After walking around for awhile, I found a tea house and
purchased some tea and proceeded to sit and drink tea for about 2
hours, much longer than I expected. It was a very relaxing experience,
almost like a hot tub from the inside. I vascillated between thinking
of the past, present, future, and nothing at all. It led me to a very
calm peace within myself that I haven't felt for a while. While I was
in the tea house -- which really paralleled german beerhouses, in a
way -- there were these guys walking around selling massages or a very
interesting sort of ear therapy, I was a little trepidated by the
prospect of some random dude shoving sharp implements into my ear and
declined the offer that was eventually made to me. After feeling
sufficiently calm from my relaxing tea break, I walked along the river
towards the bamboo gardens. Along the way, I saw a fair amount of
fishermen, and they seemed rather successful. This one guy seemed to
have an improvised fishing lure, but was catching a fair amount of
fish. He seemed to almost be raking for fish, having no bait, only 4
rather large hooks, which he vigorously pulled back across the river
in quick bursts. The distance proved farther than I anticipated and I
eventually decided to head back up the other river. It was a very
enjoyable walk with the afterglow of the tea and the cool breeze of
the river. I also saw some large groups of guys playing QiangXi
(chinese chess). I eventually got close to the hostel, and decided to
get some hot-pot before the opera. It worked out pretty well, around
me were groups of large people huddled around bubbling oil and water,
I had one all to myself and a waitress actually helped me order. I got
tofu, spicy beef, potato, and pork meatballs. She talked me into
getting a not spicy cooking liquid along with a spicy one, since she
thought I couldn't handle it. It really wasn't that spicy, they were
probably holding back because they thought I was some sort of wussy
wiguoren. It was really delicious though, and it was pretty cool to
be able to cook my own food. It was rather expensive since I was
eating by myself and they have a 48RMB charge for the oil and water.
It was a bit of a shame that I had to hurry so that I could catch the
van that was heading for the opera, but it is what it is. On the ride
to the opera I met a couple from New Zealand that had been teaching in
China for the past 3 years and vacationing in the summer. The show was
incredible. It was a play that led into an acrobatics show, then
morphed into a magic show. I was simply blown away. There was a very
fit group of young guys that were doing flips and shit. There was a
dancing crew of girls, one with a peacock feather or something, that
she used very elegantly and pointedly. There were firebreathers and a
choreographed fight (which was probably one of the only bad parts of
the show, being particularly slow and sloppy). A plethora of dancing
followed by a very interesting hand shadow show with the theater
looking like a starry night, being lit up by several hunred led's. At
one point there was a laser show, where a cone of light was formed and
then apparently split by the protagonist. A man that controlled a
puppet was particularly talented, and mimicked the dancers and the
face-changers that closed up the show. The face changers were very
interesting, employing a singular illusion repeated times to great
effect. Oh yeah, at one point these man and woman were basically
flying on this silk that was hoisted into the air, she eventually was
just holding onto him; the whole thing was very impressive. One
possible negative of the show was the live music, one of the
instruments sounded like a guy was just banging on a pot, I didn't
think it had much melody at all. I returned to the hostel in time to
see 2 french people that had been biking through asia for 8 months.

Thursday 7/2: Pandas and Chengdu & Flights

I loaded into a small van with a couple of other hostel-goers to see
the panda research facility. I wasn't expecting much, but it was
pretty interesting and I spent a fair amount of time talking to an
english teacher named Kyle. A couple of the pandas were rather active
and we got to see a couple of them rough-housing, but in general they
were quite lazy. We were even able to see some newborns, whom the
researchers usually take from the mother for atleast part of the time,
since the mothers aren't very affectionate. We also watched a video
that started off with a bang, by talking about semen extraction. We
ended up leaving and heading back to the hostel. I checked out and
walked around Chengdu, getting some street fired chicken that this guy
cooked by fanning some coals. I then got into a temple area that was
interesting, and a little market. Soon enough, it was time for me to
catch my flight so I headed to the airport; after some intense
searching I realized I had to walk about 1 km to the other terminal so
I could leave. I then got some food in the airport and got on my 2
consecutive flights. I gained some delight from acts of small
kindnesses to others. However, on one flight, I was getting up to
leave and this real uppity lady was running to get 5 feet ahead of
where we were, and I just leveled her (since I didn't see her), I
profusely apologized, but she didn't say anything and just had the
most absolutely dirty look on her face.

Friday 7/3: Madrid
I got off the plane to Madrid at around 9am and started walking
through the airport to find where I would be leaving from and an
adjacent luggage storage locker. I ended up getting to a separate
terminal and found the consignment area. I thought it would be a good
idea to get some cash so I went to a bank of atm's and selecting the
one that looked the least sketchy I began my transaction, after a
couple of ill-made attempts, I thought I had it working, and that is
of course when it decided to keep my debit card and return to its
original screen. I was nonplussed. I told the couple next to me
andthey were like, "Well fuck, that sucks. Glad it didn't happen to
us." I called the number on the ATM, but everything was in spanish. I
saw a couple of officers walking past and flagged them over to talk
about what had happened. Once I had appraised them of the situation,
they assumed an annoyingly pedestrian view, and simply said, "This has
been happening lately, and don't you have more cards?" I was at a
loss, and quickly decided that there was no way of getting my card
back, so I tried cancelling it from the airport, but unable to get a
secure connection, relayed the news along to my folks, hoping that
they could sort it out if I wasn't able to when I got to my hostel
that night. I brushed off this misfortune, resolute that I wouldn't
let it affect the rest of my trip.

So, I moved along to the consignment locker and deposited my large
bag. I then got onto the train to the city. When I looked down, I was
surprised to see a couple of signs on my phone. I was shocked to see
that I had exceeded my data limit, TWICE! An app that came with my
phone apparently thought it was a good idea to download 200 mB of
media over a cell network. I was pissed, though in retrospect I should
have enforced a hard data limit, instead of a simple warning and a
full restriction on background data instead of app-specific
restrictions. I resolved once again not to let the unpleasant turn of
events sour my trip and steadfastly moved along with my venture.

I reached Madrid near the Palacio Real and began to walk east. I soon
came across the grand palace, and saw it as beautiful yet slightly
underwhelming. I kept meandering with purpose, coming across a small
breakfast restaurant where I ordered what seemed to be quite a common
dish of toast with tomatoes or "pan con tomate". It was interesting
how my Spanish was coming back, and even more so how similar it was to
english in comparison to Chinese. I then proceeded to the Plaza Mayor
and Puerta del Sol, remaining slightly apathetic to the supposed
cultural wonderments surrounding me. Although, I did partake in some
delicious choco and churros. I then went to the Prado museum, and
after getting in for free by flashing my student card, or what would
probably more aptly be named the "discount card" I started perusing
the museum. It was by far one of the more impressive museums I've been 
to, it possessed a great swath of culturally significant artworks that
were excruciatingly beautiful. One that struck me, was a painting that
I had seen repeatedly in my local church, the lowering of Christ from
the cross. The original painting was right in front of me, and it
seemed to take on new depth when seen in person (an occurence that
usually eludes me when comparing originals with copies). After
haunting the hallways of the maze that was the mere 2 floors of the
Prado, I left. I went to the royal botanical gardens and was wholely
unimpressed, especially after paying a 2 euro entrance fee. Later, I
did get to a much nicer park, the park del Retiro. It was huge, and I
was able to see many beautiful buildings and natural scenery. I even
met a mother and daughter from the south of the states in a strange
building filled with almost irrelevant modern art. I then happened
upon a nice little man-made pond adjacent to a large memorial of
sorts. I purchased a row boat for 45 minutes and began to
enthusiastically circle the pond, gaining my self some sizable
blisters in the process. During my rowing, I was also able to
strategically photo bomb a large number of people attempting to
capture the large memorial over the picturesque body of water. One
bystander saw me doing this and we both shared a private chuckle.

I eventually left the park and tried finding some dinner, hearing that
you can get some free tapas if you get a beer in madrid I stumbled
into one of the only bar / restaurants I could find and after ordering
a 'cerveza' tried ordering food, only to be told that it was too
early. Apparently the Spanish usually eat closer to 10pm than 8pm. My
plane took off later than expected and I ended up getting to my hostel
very late, and quickly deposited myself on my bed, wishing myself a
somewhat ironically happy birthday.

Saturday 7/4: Birthday on the beach

After my long day of travel, I slept quite well in my bunk in
Barcelona. I got some free breakfast downstairs and talked to a couple
of people and headed out to the beach without much of a plan besides
enjoying the beach. It only took 5 minutes to get there; the sun
was white and hot, and the water was clear and blue. I walked around
looking for a locker to store my stuff while I swam and came across a
couple, I didn't even need to pay to use them, awesome! While I was
walking, I rounded a corner on the beach, and BAM, there were a
plethora of naked men & women situated along the beach. This caught me
off guard at first, but I quickly acclimated and kept on walking. I
walked all the way to the northern area and came across a towline for
wakeboarding where people were being pulled by a machine. I also did a
couple flips and dives off of a concrete block into the ocean, which
was quite fun. After I was done swimming, I got lunch (a tasty potato
omelette sandwhich) at a beach bar, along with some sangria. I ate,
sat, and read, feeling wholely satisfied. Later, I walked towards the
southern end and while I was walking my sandals broke, so I had to
limp over to an outfitter to purchase another pair. I walked all the
way to the south, past barceloneta and sat on an outcropping,
overlooking the water. I eventually got hungry again and had some
Paella with sangria for dinner. I went back to the hostel and quickly
fell asleep, after my previous days strenuous travels.

Sunday 7/5: Walking tour and walking Barcelona

I woke up later today, and eventually made my way into central
Barcelona by walking along the beach. I ended up coinciding with a
walking tour group and joined them at the start. I had never been on
one, so was intrigued as to how they would operate. A very eccentric
british man led us around the gothic area of Mardrid offering us rich
histories of various buildings that we walked past, stopping
frequently to elaborate on certain buildings. One such example was a
church where he explained that the sculpture on top was of a girl who
had been cruelly tortured and then killed after pleading for
christian rights. Another story, of similar nature, was of a woman who
was typically portrayed with her breasts on a plate, since they had
been cut off as a means of torture. These lumps were often
misconstrued with bread, so she became the patron saint of bakers and
that is why her chapel is in an old area, that used to be occupied by
various bakeries. During the tour I met some guys, one notably named
Zach, who went to Michigan State. We got to talking, and after the
tour had concluded, Zach and I endeavoured to get dinner later and
meet at the hostel, which we both happened to be staying at. The tour
also revealed another large part of Barcelona's culture, the struggle
between Catalonya and Spain for Catalonyan independence, not unlike
Ireland-UK, Taiwan-China,  and Quebec-Canada situations. He told us a
fair number of more interesting historical stories, but I won't record
them here. 

After the tour, I walked to Sagrada Familia and bought a
ticket to get inside. I was fairly unimpressed. It seemed like a
rather highly vaulted church without much adornment except for some
beautiful stained glass windows, which caught the light and turned it
into fire. It did seem vastly more interesting after learning of
Guell, though. After that, I walked down Passage de Gracia and back to
the hostel. After I returned, Zach and I went on the prowl to find a
good place to eat. We ended up finding a rather cheap place called
Monopol that had board games, including chess, which we played while
eating some potato and chorizo omelettes along with olives and bacon.
Later, we walked along the beach talking of our travels and eventually
parted ways.

Monday 7/6: Battle of Wind and War with Spain

I set out to the sea in hopes of gliding over the water effortlessly
and with great speed and control, solely powered by the wind. That's
not exactly what happened. I talked to a lady that was working for a
watersports rental and lesson company and got a windsurf setup for an
hour, with the option to stay out later and pay when I got back. After
I picked up my equipment I noticed that they were hosting a school of
children, endeavouring to learn sailing, windsurfing, etc. I was able
to use the windsurf to get out of the put out and was feeling pretty
good, surfing downstream. Unfortunately, coming back upstream became a
little more difficult and I began having a lot of problems, almost
continually falling off and continuously inching closer to a perilous
clustering of rocks. I was eventually able to get back thanks to a
favorable gust of wind and after a lot more falling down was able to
remember some of what I had learned the previous year at hood river.
Unfortunately when I tried to get back in it took me about 1 more hour
than I intended and I had to swim it back in the remaining 50 yards or
so. By the time I pulled my board into the rack area, my hand was
cramped in the position that I had used to pull it in and I had to pry
my fingers back. And I noticed that the skin on a couple of my fingers
had been worn raw from the continual pulling of the mast rope. 

I got lunch at a nearby restaurant and was able to relax and
recuperate for awhile. I then stumbled over to the ocean and went for
a quick dip; afterwards, positioning myself favorably on some rocks I
really dove into the biography of TR that I had been reading and began
to read the account of his involvement with the Spanish-American war,
in which he played a rather large part. He setup the navy, as well as
offering various heroics in the battle at San Juan and the like. By
the time I was done reading, the sun was setting and I started looking
for some food. I ended up grabbing some donner, which was cheaper than
all of the other options, and was full of succulent meat, Oh YEAH!

Tuesday 7/7: Montserrat

I got up early and headed for Montserrat. After boarding the wrong
train, I made a couple of transfers to get on the right one and was
eventually on the way to my destination. I mostly spent my time
reading and by the time we arrived I was ready to hike the beautiful
mountain that i had spied from my train car. The directions that I had
read were wholely misleading, so after determining that I headed into
the town and asked how to get to the trailhead in Spanish. The man in
the outfitters was very helpful and I made it there no problem. The
rest of the trail was ridiculously well marked. There was a shortcut
marked, which I obviously took and had quite a rousing hike up the
mountain in the blistering Spanish heat. When I arrived at the top, a
criss-cross of white tape assumed to prevent my passage forward.
Spotting no officials, I simply snuck through and made my way up to
the monastery. It was quite beautiful, but full of tourists that had
simply taken the cable car or tram up (I had seen no one on the trail
that I had hiked up). After perusing the monastery and its numerous
artworks I ate some of the fruit that I had brought with me and
continued my hike. Or, better said, I tried to. When I got to the
put-in for the 7km hike to the peak I was obstructed by a policeman
and more tape, adorned with a sign that said, "All of the mountain
paths are closed due to the high risk of forest fire". So, I had to
unfortunately turn around, but was consoled by the beautiful views
that I had had the privelege of seeing already. After sneaking back
through the white tape, I took a quick diversion to another art-filled
trail. And eventually headed back down catching a train back into
Barcelona. I grabbed a green pepper, some sausages, and some sauce,
and made the first dinner for myself that I had eaten this trip. It
was delicious and was probably 2-3 servings of food. But, I ate it
with vigor.

Wednesday 7/8: Park Guell & Patricia

I took a fair amount of time in the morning preparing for my next
couple of days of travel. Getting train tickets, finding hostels, and
the like. I feel like I could have done it much quicker than it took
me, but whatever. After I finished all of that I went to Park Guell
and walked around for awhile. I again thought it was overrated, but I
really enjoyed the view of Barcelona, since it overlooked a large
swath of the city. I also didn't pay for the main central area, which
is apparently the place to see; I thought I could see enough from the
outside. Feeling tired, I sat in the shade while listening to some
lovely music being played by a street-player and quickly dozed off
into a nice siesta. I awoke and made my way down to where Patricia and
I were going to meet. We met, and she brought along a friend of her's,
??Martha. We had a great conversation about China, Spain, and language
over a couple of beers. Martha was quite shy about talking and chose
not to speak much english, but we still had a bully of a time. During
our talk, I brought up Catalan independence and Patricia mentioned
that Catalan pays for a large amount of public services in Spain, but
their own are often left sub-par, which seems wholely unfair; and
countries have rebelled for less. We eventually parted ways and I went
back to my hostel and ate some more potato omelette, pan con tomatte,
and some potatoes with spicy sauce (which wasn't flavorful enough to
eat by myself, think big bag of potato chips). I then went down to the
beach for one last dip in the mediterranean and then headed back to
the hostel to catch some zzz's.

Thursday 7/9: Zurich and the Twins of Schulte

I got up super early and left my hostel in a shuttle. The shuttle
picked up some more people and I struck up a conversation with some
people who were partying around Europe, and eventually meandered over
to my flight. It was wholely uneventful, then I got to Zurich, and the
train stations were weird. There was no check of tickets or anything,
it was basically on the honor system with the threat of a large fine
if caught without the correct ticket. I eventually got near to the
Schulte's and walked along the lake towards their campsite. When I got
there, they spotted me and I immediately rushed over and gave them
both large hugs. We regailed each other with our separate stories of
travel and adventure and after a while decided to get moving. We
headed over to ETH Zurich where Mark wanted to inspect the embedded
systems wing of their PHD program, for possible future prospects. We
walked around, reading proposals and posters and eventually grabbed a
bite to eat, which cost the standard Zurich arm and a leg (10 CHF's).
We then decided to go talk to someone and after getting bounced
between secretary's spoke with a student advisor sort of guy who
talked about their program and apparently all of the master's students
perform a master's project which lasts 2 semesters and a PHD program
in itself lasts about 4 years. I was then surprised that after
lectures, students have a month long period to study, which seems
woefully abundant amounts of time, during which studying wouldn't
occupy much of. Afterwards, we walked around campus some more and met
up with Nate back at the campsite and went for a quick dip in the
lake. The water was clear and cold, and we had quite an enjoyable
time. We even raced, and I luckily won. After talking in camp for
awhile while drinking some beers, we headed into town for some dinner
at a place that Matt had found on WikiTravel. It was very different
exploring a city with these great friends of mine. They seemed to use
google maps much more often than I did, and didn't seem to have as
much confidence as I had accrued while travelling in China without
such luxuries. I also  felt much different than the travelling I had
done with others from the hostels I had stayed at, I obviously felt a
much stronger comraderie and a kinship with them, and while we were
more conspicuous I didn't seem to mind as much. The dinner was
delicious and we ended up picking up some beers and supplies at the
local grocery store. After we got back to camp, we got some ice cream
and proceeded to drink the beers and shoot the shit. We had a really
great time, and with the sun setting over the hills and lake I felt
perfectly happy. We even worked on Matt's letter to Liz and reminisced
of past adventures. It was a wholly different type of travelling than
I had been doing, but it was also wholly enjoyable. We ended up
climbing into the tent later, I deciding to stay there after they said
it was alright, and I didn't want to stay at the over-expensive hotel. 
I was finally able to make use of the sleep-sheet that
I had been toting with me this whole time. 

Friday 7/10: Zurich --> Heidelberg

After a breakfast of salami, bread, and Ghouda cheese we parted ways
and actually ended up meeting again at the train station. After
talking for awhile and seeing them on their way, I stuck around at the
station waiting for my train to get there, planning more of the rest
of my trip and whittling away the time. The trains were quite
uneventful, and I got into Heidelberg without a hitch. I wasn't
feeling great, so I pretty much stayed in my hostel, which was quite
nice and had a rustic feel, residing in an old brick building. I then
went to bed relatively early to get some rest.

Saturday 7/11: Heidelberg

Today turned out to be quite a well rounded day. I started off with a
large, but unimpressive breakfast at the hostel and afterwards
starting walking towards the Castle. The town looked quite beautiful
and quaint in it's germanic oldness. There were 2 ways to get up to
the castle, stairs and a slope. I went up both and the stairs opened
up to a park of sorts. I walked around for awhile and appreciated the
rusticness of the castle. I hope to return later to try my hand at
some drawing. I descended and picked up some apfelstrudel
at the bottom. It was pretty delicious. 

I then walked around for
awhile and ended up walking barefoot on the north side of the river.
It was like one large park, there were a lot of people in swimsuits
enjoying the sun and the water. People were grilling everywhere. When
I reached the end there was even a decent skate park. I hope to do a
little cook out here with the guys when they get here. And I also hope
to bike past this to the college at some point. 

I then walked up the philosophenweg, which usually is fairly flat,
which makes it quite long, but there are parts where you can take a
shortcut and work your way up in between the trails. There was an old
tower and well, I kept walking and came upon a biergarten at the top
of the mountain. Afterwards, I walked through a large natural
amphitheatre. Continuing on, I arrived at the ruins of St. Michael's
basilika. It was pretty cool, and the people there even added to the
novelty of my surroundings. There were 3 girls acting for some sort of
mexican play, a girl with a toy boy and arrow, and a whole group of
singing germans. After enjoying the view I made my way back down the
mountain and to the hostel.

I changed and went out. I got some delicious wiener schnitzel from a
cute waitress at a restaurant halfway inbetween my hostel and the
oldstreet. I then watched some fireworks above the castle and the
oldbridge. I got pretty lucky since this only happens 3 times a
summer.

Sunday 7/12: Heidelberg

Monday 7/13: Heidelberg

Tuesday 7/14: Heidelberg --> ???

Wednesday 7/15: ?Cologne / Frankfurt / Murst

Thursday 7/16: ?Cologne / Frankfurt / Murst

Friday 7/17: ?Cologne / Frankfurt / Murst

Saturday 7/18: ?

Sunday 7/19: Amsterdam

Monday 7/20: Amsterdam

Tuesday 7/21: Amsterdam --> Stockholm

Wednesday 7/22: Stockholm

Thursday 7/23: Stockholm --> NY

Friday 7/24: Getting Home
